README.md, before:

# PresentationPetriNets
A brief presentation about why you should learn Petri Nets. Authors: Augusto Altman Quaranta and Ricardo Fretes.

## About the authors:
* Augusto Altman Quaranta
	* [LinkedIn](https://ar.linkedin.com/in/augustoaltman)
	* [GitHub](https://github.com/augusto-altman)
	* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/AugustoAltman)
	* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/~augusto.altman)
	* [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/users/3685148/augustoaltman)
	* [Google+](https://plus.google.com/+AugustoAltmanQuaranta)
	* Email: augusto.altman@gmail.com
* Ricardo Fretes
	* [LinkedIn](https://ar.linkedin.com/in/rgfretes)
	* [GitHub](https://github.com/rgfretes)
	* [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3283943/ricardo-g-fretes)
	* [Google+](https://plus.google.com/+RicardoFretes)
	* Email: rgfretes@gmail.com

## Title: Nuestra experiencia con las redes de Petri.
> A [Bespoke.js](http://markdalgleish.com/projects/bespoke.js) presentation, built with [generator-bespoke](https://github.com/markdalgleish/generator-bespoke)

## View slides locally

First, ensure you have the following installed:

1. [Node.js](http://nodejs.org)
2. [Bower](http://bower.io): `$ npm install -g bower`
3. [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com): `$ npm install -g gulp`

Then, install dependencies and run the preview server:

```bash
$ npm install && bower install
$ gulp serve
```

Commit message:

adding view slides locally to readme

README.md, after:

# PresentationPetriNets
A brief presentation about why you should learn Petri Nets. Authors: Augusto Altman Quaranta and Ricardo Fretes.

## About the authors:
* Augusto Altman Quaranta
	* [LinkedIn](https://ar.linkedin.com/in/augustoaltman)
	* [GitHub](https://github.com/augusto-altman)
	* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/AugustoAltman)
	* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/~augusto.altman)
	* [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/users/3685148/augustoaltman)
	* [Google+](https://plus.google.com/+AugustoAltmanQuaranta)
	* Email: augusto.altman@gmail.com
* Ricardo Fretes
	* [LinkedIn](https://ar.linkedin.com/in/rgfretes)
	* [GitHub](https://github.com/rgfretes)
	* [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3283943/ricardo-g-fretes)
	* [Google+](https://plus.google.com/+RicardoFretes)
	* Email: rgfretes@gmail.com

## Title: Nuestra experiencia con las redes de Petri.
> A [Bespoke.js](http://markdalgleish.com/projects/bespoke.js) presentation, built with [generator-bespoke](https://github.com/markdalgleish/generator-bespoke)

## View slides locally
First Download this repo, then go to the _dist_ folder and open the index.html file in a browser.

## Deploy presentation locally
First, ensure you have the following installed:

1. [Node.js](http://nodejs.org)
2. [Bower](http://bower.io): `$ npm install -g bower`
3. [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com): `$ npm install -g gulp`

Then download this repo, install dependencies and run the preview server:

```bash
$ npm install && bower install
$ gulp serve
```
